User doc update runai2.23 (#22)
Sydney-Informatics-Hub/dgx-cluster-onboarding-guide: notebooks/marimo_tutorial.md

Reviewer: I think we are using old runai screenshots for

Step 2: Projects, Template and Environment.
Step 3

Reviewer: Again, recommend changing colour for this arrow as it can be hard for some people to see red over green. Maybe a dark blue arrow or circle over the icon?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The “Cluster” section will be set automatically, you do not need to change this
```

![Compute resource](../fig/workload_comp_resource.png)

> -   Configure the data source to be mounted to the container. Here we select the default PVC created for the project. The mount path inside the container is set to `/scratch/<dashr_project_shortcode>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click "Data & sources" to expand this section and configure the data source to be mounted to the container. Here we select the default PVC created for the project. The mount path inside the container is set to `/scratch/<runai-project-name>`.
```

![Data resource](../fig/workload_datasource.png)

> -   Lastly, Click on "CREATE WORKLOAD" to submit the workload to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finally, click on "CREATE WORSPACE" to submit the workload to the cluster. The workspace can take a few minutes to initialise.
```
